Chrome OS Features - Google Chromebooks
      
    
    
    
    
      
      
    

      
      
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    

    
    


    
    
    

  
  
    
    
    

  
    
      
      Google uses cookies to deliver its services, to personalize ads, and to analyze traffic. You can adjust your privacy controls anytime in your  Google settings.
    
      



    Learn more.

      
        Ok, Got it.
      
    
    
  



    
  
  
      
    
  
    
                    What are Chromebooks
      
    
                  

                      Meet Chrome OS
                      Chrome OS is the operating system that powers every Chromebook.
                    
                  
                  

                      Do more with apps
                      Chromebooks have access to a vast library of Google-approved apps.
                    
                  
                  

                      How to Chromebook
                      Discover fun and helpful videos to make the most of your Chromebook.
                    
                  
                  

                      What's New?
                      Check out the latest Chromebook updates and features.
                    
                  
                  

                      Accessibility
                      Inclusive design and features make Chromebooks accessible to people with disabilities.
                    
                  
            
        
                    Switch
      
    
                  

                      Q&A
                      Get answers to all your questions about Chromebook.
                    
                  
                  

                      Make the switch
                      A step-by-step guide to switch from your Mac or Windows computer.
                    
                  
            
        
                    Find yours
      
    
                  

                      Shop
                      Chromebooks come in all shapes and sizes. Find the perfect fit.
                    
                  
                  

                      Perks
                      Get special perks and discounts for your Chromebook.
                    
                  
                  

                      Works With Chromebook
                      Find the right accessory for your Chromebook.
                    
                  
            
        
        For Business
        
    
    



    Shop
    

  

    
      

    Simplicity
    Security
    Speed


  
      
        Home
      
      
        What are Chromebooks
      
      
        Meet Chrome OS
      
  


  
      





    Meet Chrome OS


      
        Chrome OS is the speedy, simple and secure operating system that powers every Chromebook.
      










      
  

  
          

  



    
            

    


    



    Simplicity


    Upgrade to easy


      
        Life’s complicated enough. Simplify things with a Chromebook.
      










    

  
    

              
        
        
        
      


    
  









    The Everything Button


    
      
        Chromebooks have the Everything Button. It’s one button that helps you find what you need fast. Like files. And apps. And answers online. Press it, and get what you need — all from one place.
      









    









    Long battery life


    
      
        Work and play with up to 12 hours on a single charge.* With Chromebook, you don’t even need to remember your charger.
      





      *Battery life may vary based on device and upon usage and other conditions.




    









    Offline access


    
      
        No Wi-Fi, no problem. Recent documents, spreadsheets, presentations and emails are all available with offline access.*
      





      *Pre-download content and enable offline access for documents, presentations and emails to view offline later.




    









    Touchscreen


    
      
        Swipe, tap and scroll the way you want. There are many touchscreen-enabled* Chromebooks.
      





      *Form factor and touchscreen availability varies by device. 




    



      
          Learn more
          
      
    
      
      






    Instant tethering


    
      
        Instant Tethering with Chromebook keeps you connected to your phone’s Wi-Fi hotspot automatically.
      









    









    Microsoft Office compatible


    
      
        With access to Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint from the Google Play Store, you can be confident that your Chromebook will allow you to use the productivity software you need.
      









    









    Picture-in-picture viewing


    
      
        Be a multitasking marvel. With Chromebook, you can enjoy picture-in-picture viewing with the most popular video apps. You can online shop or catch up on email,  while your favorite TV show or the big game plays in a window in the corner.
      









    









    Automatic back-up of Drive files


    
      
        Has your computer ever fallen victim to a cup of coffee? With Chromebook, the updates you make to Google Docs, Sheets and Slides within Google Drive are automatically saved when you’re connected to the Internet.
      









    









    Virtual Desks


    
      
        Organize your workspace and multitask more easily with Virtual Desks on Chromebook. Think of Virtual Desks as separate workspaces within your Chromebook.
      









    









    LTE connectivity


    
      
        With LTE connectivity on your Chromebook,* you can stay connected to the Internet wherever you are.
      





      *LTE availability varies by device.




    


      

      
          Show less features
          
      
    
      












    Simple setup


      
        Setting up your new Chromebook is easy. Just log into your Google Account and you’ll find all your Google Drive files and Chrome preferences on your new Chromebook.
      











    

      
        
                
        
        
        
      


        

      



    



    



    Security


    Security, built-in.


      
        With features like built-in virus protection and secure support for multiple users, Chromebook keeps you and your data protected.
      










    

  
    

              
        
        
        
      


    
  









    Sandboxing


    
      
        Chrome OS keeps different software on your Chromebook separate with Sandboxing. So even if one part gets infected, the rest is designed to stay safe.
      









    









    Verified boot


    
      
        Every time your Chromebook starts up, it goes through Verified Boot — a rigorous and seamless security check-up in the background that prevents malware.
      









    









    Security Chip


    
      
        Protect your data. Every Chromebook includes a built-in security chip to encrypt your most sensitive data and keep it away from prying eyes. Know your Chromebook will stay safe.
      









    









    Built-in virus protection


    
      
        Built-in virus protection defends your Chromebook from malware automatically. You can focus on what you need to do, instead of installing third-party security software.
      





      




    



      
          Learn more
          
      
    
      
      






    Guest Mode


    
      
        Guest Mode allows you to share your Chromebook with friends without giving them access to your login. Guests won’t see any of the files saved in the other user accounts. And after logging out, their local history or files won’t be saved — by design.
      









    









    Powerwash


    
      
        In the rare event that something does go wrong, a fresh start is just a click away. With the powerwashing feature on your Chromebook, you can easily reset your device to factory settings and get rid of malware in the process.
      









    









    Multi-user support


    
      
        Share your Chromebook without sharing what’s personal — a single Chromebook can support multiple users while maintaining each person’s privacy.
      









    


      

      
          Show less features
          
      
    
      












    Family Link


      
        The Family Link app from Google helps you set digital ground rules for children using Chromebooks. Set screen time limits and adjust their account settings.
      






        



    Get it on Google Play
      
        
        
        
      




    Download on the App Store
      
        
        
        
      

    






    

      
        
                
        
        
        
      


        

      



  
      
        Benjamin’s Nexus 5
        
          
            
      
    
          
          Unlocked
        
        
          Lock now
        
      
      
        Today’s activity • Updated now
          
                  

            
              
                Toontastic 3D
                1 hr 30 min
              
              
            
          
          
                  

            
              
                Photos
                56 min
              
              
            
          
      
      
        Approve download
        
          
                  

          
          
            Google Translate
            Google LLC
          
        
        
          Deny
          Approve
        
      
  

    



    



    Speed


    Ready when you are


      
        Chromebooks boot up in seconds, and with automatic updates you get the latest software without being interrupted.
      










    

  
    

              
        
        
        
      


    
  









    Automatic updates


    
      
        Your Chromebook starts new and stays new over time. With automatic updates in the background, your device gets the latest software without interrupting you.
      









    









    Google Assistant


    
      
        Accessible by voice or keyboard, Google Assistant on Chromebook* helps you multitask, control smart devices and get things done faster than before.
      





      * An Internet connection is required to enable the Google Assistant.




    












    Smart Lock


    
      
        Smart Lock uses your Android phone as a wireless key to unlock your Chromebook automatically, so you can spend less time typing in your passwords* and more time getting down to work or play.
      





      * In order for Smart Lock to work, your phone must be running Android version L-MR1 or a newer version. You also must be signed into the same Google Account on both your phone and Chromebook.




    



      
          Learn more
          
      
    
      
      






    Fingerprint unlock


    
      
        Skip typing your password to unlock your Chromebook.* Use your fingerprint, and get into your device even faster.**
      





      *A user must type in their password each time they boot up their device for security purposes, but not when waking their Chromebook from sleep.
      **Fingerprint unlock availability varies by device.




    









    Continue reading


    
      
        Pick up where you left off reading a story. Your Android devices and Chromebook work together, so you never lose your place.
      









    


      

      
          Show less features
          
      
    
      












    Boots in seconds


      
        Don’t lose a moment of productivity to a slow start. Whether you’re answering an urgent email, taking notes in class or relaxing at home, just open it up and get going.
      











      
        
          
        
      










    Ready to make the switch?


      
        
      






        



    Shop now
    






          
        
        
        
      
    
      
    


  
      
        
          Shop
        
              
                
                  Laptop
                
              
              
                
                  Convertible
                
              
              
                
                  Tablet
                
              
              
                
                  Special perks
                
              
        
      
      
        
          Dev & partners
        
              
                
                  Chromium OS
                
              
              
                
                  Chrome Experiments
                
              
              
                
                  Google Code
                
              
        
      
      
        
          Education/Business
        
              
                
                  Chromebooks for education
                
              
              
                
                  Chromebooks for Business
                
              
        
      
      
        
          The latest
        
              
                
                    
      
    
                  Blog
                
              
              
                
                    
      
    
                  Youtube channel
                
              
        
      
  

  
    
        
          Privacy
        
        
          Accessibility
        
        
          Terms
        
        
          Help center
        
        
          Forum
        
    
    
      Switch Country
      
        
          Danmark - Dansk
        
        
          Deutschland - Deutsch
        
        
          Australia - English
        
        
          Canada - English
        
        
          United Kingdom - English
        
        
          United States - English
        
        
          España - Español
        
        
          Estados Unidos - Español
        
        
          Suomi - Suomi
        
        
          Canada - Français
        
        
          France - Français
        
        
          Italia - Italiano
        
        
          日本 - 日本語
        
        
          Norge - Norsk Bokmål
        
        
          Nederland - Nederlands
        
        
          Sverige - Svenska