Accessibility for People with Disabilities - Google Chromebooks
      
    
    
    
    
      
      
    

      
      
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    

    
    


    
    
    

  
  
    
    
    

  
    
      
      Google uses cookies to deliver its services, to personalize ads, and to analyze traffic. You can adjust your privacy controls anytime in your  Google settings.
    
      



    Learn more.

      
        Ok, Got it.
      
    
    
  



    
  
  
      
    
  
    
                    What are Chromebooks
      
    
                  

                      Meet Chrome OS
                      Chrome OS is the operating system that powers every Chromebook.
                    
                  
                  

                      Do more with apps
                      Chromebooks have access to a vast library of Google-approved apps.
                    
                  
                  

                      How to Chromebook
                      Discover fun and helpful videos to make the most of your Chromebook.
                    
                  
                  

                      What's New?
                      Check out the latest Chromebook updates and features.
                    
                  
                  

                      Accessibility
                      Inclusive design and features make Chromebooks accessible to people with disabilities.
                    
                  
            
        
                    Switch
      
    
                  

                      Q&A
                      Get answers to all your questions about Chromebook.
                    
                  
                  

                      Make the switch
                      A step-by-step guide to switch from your Mac or Windows computer.
                    
                  
            
        
                    Find yours
      
    
                  

                      Shop
                      Chromebooks come in all shapes and sizes. Find the perfect fit.
                    
                  
                  

                      Perks
                      Get special perks and discounts for your Chromebook.
                    
                  
                  

                      Works With Chromebook
                      Find the right accessory for your Chromebook.
                    
                  
            
        
        For Business
        
    
    



    Shop
    

  

    
      


  
      
        Home
      
      
        What are Chromebooks
      
      
        Accessibility
      
  










    Making Chromebooks accessible for people with disabilities


      
        Chromebooks come with helpful accessibility features created using inclusive design principles and based on user feedback, to empower people with disabilities to learn, play and connect.
      






        




      
    
    
      Display and visuals
      
      
    
    





      
    
    
      Audio and captions
      
      
    
    





      
    
    
      Spoken feedback
      
      
    
    





      
    
    
      Motor
      
      
    
    

    










    



    
        
      
    

          Display and visuals



      Built to enhance visual clarity
      People who are blind or low-vision can take full advantage of Chromebooks thanks to the following features.
    

    
        

      
        
                
        
        
        
      


        

      



    




  
    


    
  








    Browser zoom


      
        Browser zoom allows visually impaired people to magnify just their browser window while everything else like the tabs and icons stay the same size.
      


















    Display size


      
        People can choose to enlarge all on-screen text and visuals, and easily revert back if necessary.
      


















    Full screen magnifier


      
        Zoom in on Chromebook to get a closer look at text and images.  Full screen magnification on Chromebook makes on-screen content easier to see by making the screen up to 20 times the default size.
      


















    Docked magnifier


      
        Some people  may not want to alter their entire viewing experience. The docked magnifier allows people with visual impairments to magnify just the top third of their screen, while the rest of the screen is resized to fit in the bottom section.
      


















    Font size


      
        Chromebook lets those who are visually impaired adjust font sizing to make reading easier while leaving other aspects of the display at their default size.
      


















    Large mouse cursor


      
        A larger cursor can make a big difference. Chromebooks enable people to enlarge just the mouse cursor so it’s easier to see.
      














    













        



    Learn how to use screen magnification on Chromebook      
      
    

    





    



  





    Invert colors with a quick keyboard shortcut


      
        High contrast mode inverts colors to make on-screen content easier to read for people with low vision or for those working in bright environments. It can also reduce the effects of screen glare to make work more comfortable in any environment. Try the shortcut: Ctrl + Search (  ) + H to activate it.
      










    
      Try high contrast mode
      
        
      
    


  
            

            

  




    



    
        
      
    

          Audio and captions



      Building for users who are deaf or hard of hearing
      Chromebooks include features that make technology more accessible for people who are deaf or hard of hearing.
    

    
        

      
        
                
        
        
        
      


        

      



    




  
    


    
  








    Customize caption styles


      
        Easily adjust caption size, color and typeface for a customized closed caption experience. Select “Captions” in your Chromebook’s accessibility settings to update these features.
      


















    Mono audio


      
        People who are hard of hearing can select Mono Audio to play the same sound through both speakers so they don’t miss content in stereo sound. Select “Mono Audio” in your Chromebook’s accessibility settings to use this feature.
      


















    



    
        
      
    

          Spoken feedback



      Spoken feedback tools for people with low-vision or dyslexia
      Spoken feedback tools on Chromebook help people, especially those with low-vision or dyslexia, get the most out of technology.
    

    
        

      
        
                
        
        
        
      





  
    Open in a new window
    
      
    
  
        

      



        
          How to use Select-to-Speak on your Chromebook
          Length of the video: 5 minutes 15 seconds

                



    Open in a new window      
      
    

    

        
    




  
    


    
  








    ChromeVox


      
        ChromeVox, Chromebook’s built-in screen reader, helps people who are blind or low-vision by making the computer speak every time they move their focus by using their mouse or keyboard. Chromebook can also be used with a refreshable braille display.
      


















    Select-to-speak


      
        With select-to-speak, choose specific lines or sections of the screen to be read aloud. While Chrome OS reads the selected words aloud, each word is highlighted visually, which can be especially useful for people with dyslexia, new language learners, and more.
      


















    Text-to-speech settings


      
        Text-to-speech settings allow people to customize voice, speech rate, pitch, volume and more for optimal accessibility.
      


















    



    
        
      
    

          Motor



      Providing more ways to enter information
      People with motor disabilities and dexterity impairments can use Chromebooks thanks to features designed with this community in mind.
    

    
        

      
        
                
        
        
        
      





  
    Open in a new window
    
      
    
  
        

      



        
          Chromebook Mobility-Assistive Features and Functionality
          Lenght of video: 7 minutes 30 seconds

                



    Open in a new window      
      
    

    

        
    




  
    


    
  








    On-screen keyboard


      
        People can input information on a Chromebook in a variety of ways beyond a traditional keyboard: via an on-screen keyboard, using a mouse, connected joystick, touchscreen, or even handwriting.
      


















    Touchpad settings


      
        To make clicking more accessible, people with dexterity impairments can customize touchpad settings to enable automatic clicks, tap dragging or tap-to-click functionality.
      


















    Physical keyboard settings


      
        Customize how Chromebook's physical keyboard responds to touch.
      


















    Sticky keys


      
        Sticky Keys can help people with dexterity impairments more easily use keyboard shortcuts. This feature makes it possible  to press only one key at a time in sequence to activate a keyboard shortcut, instead of having to hold down multiple keys at once.
      

















  





    Type using your voice with Dictation


      
        The Dictation feature on Chromebook lets people enter text into any field using their voice. Dictation can be especially helpful for those with motor disabilities or dexterity impairments, or anyone who wants to take a break from typing. In your Chromebook’s accessibility settings under “Keyboard and text input,” select “Enable Dictation (speak to type).”
      












  
            

  








    How to turn onChromebook accessibility features





















    Step 1


    Visit your Settings













      
        
          
        
      









    Step 2


    Navigate to the bottom of the menu and select “Advanced”













      
        
          
        
      









    Step 3


    In the “Accessibility” section, select “Manage accessibility features” to choose the features you want to enable













      
        
          
        
      


        



    Learn more details on how to enable accessibility settings at the Help Center      
      
    

    







    Making the digital world more accessible














  
      
          
            
                    

            
          






    Google for Education


      
        Students in the same classroom learn in different ways. That’s why Google for Education products, including Chromebooks and G Suite for Education, are built with accessibility in mind, to help every student achieve their full potential.
      






        



    Learn more about Google for Education’s accessibility initiatives      
      
    

    





      
      
          
            
                    

            
          






    Android Accessibility


      
        Learn about more accessibility tools on Android.
      






        



    Learn more about Android accessibility      
      
    

    





      
      
          
            
                    

            
          






    Meet the team


      
        David Tseng, Technical Lead for Chrome OS accessibility services, shares how he’s dedicated his career to using technology to break down barriers for people with disabilities.
      






        



    Learn more about David’s work      
      
    

    





      
  
      
    


  
      
        
          Shop
        
              
                
                  Laptop
                
              
              
                
                  Convertible
                
              
              
                
                  Tablet
                
              
              
                
                  Special perks
                
              
        
      
      
        
          Dev & partners
        
              
                
                  Chromium OS
                
              
              
                
                  Chrome Experiments
                
              
              
                
                  Google Code
                
              
        
      
      
        
          Education/Business
        
              
                
                  Chromebooks for education
                
              
              
                
                  Chromebooks for Business
                
              
        
      
      
        
          The latest
        
              
                
                    
      
    
                  Blog
                
              
              
                
                    
      
    
                  Youtube channel
                
              
        
      
  

  
    
        
          Privacy
        
        
          Accessibility
        
        
          Terms
        
        
          Help center
        
        
          Forum
        
    
    
      Switch Country
      
        
          Danmark - Dansk
        
        
          Deutschland - Deutsch
        
        
          Australia - English
        
        
          Canada - English
        
        
          United Kingdom - English
        
        
          United States - English
        
        
          España - Español
        
        
          Estados Unidos - Español
        
        
          Suomi - Suomi
        
        
          Canada - Français
        
        
          France - Français
        
        
          Italia - Italiano
        
        
          日本 - 日本語
        
        
          Norge - Norsk Bokmål
        
        
          Nederland - Nederlands
        
        
          Sverige - Svenska