Questions About Switching to Chromebook - Google Chromebooks
      
    
    
    
    
      
      
    

      
      
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    

    
    


    
    
    

  
  
    
    
    

  
    
      
      Google uses cookies to deliver its services, to personalize ads, and to analyze traffic. You can adjust your privacy controls anytime in your  Google settings.
    
      



    Learn more.

      
        Ok, Got it.
      
    
    
  



    
  
  
      
    
  
    
                    What are Chromebooks
      
    
                  

                      Meet Chrome OS
                      Chrome OS is the operating system that powers every Chromebook.
                    
                  
                  

                      Do more with apps
                      Chromebooks have access to a vast library of Google-approved apps.
                    
                  
                  

                      How to Chromebook
                      Discover fun and helpful videos to make the most of your Chromebook.
                    
                  
                  

                      What's New?
                      Check out the latest Chromebook updates and features.
                    
                  
                  

                      Accessibility
                      Inclusive design and features make Chromebooks accessible to people with disabilities.
                    
                  
            
        
                    Switch
      
    
                  

                      Q&A
                      Get answers to all your questions about Chromebook.
                    
                  
                  

                      Make the switch
                      A step-by-step guide to switch from your Mac or Windows computer.
                    
                  
            
        
                    Find yours
      
    
                  

                      Shop
                      Chromebooks come in all shapes and sizes. Find the perfect fit.
                    
                  
                  

                      Perks
                      Get special perks and discounts for your Chromebook.
                    
                  
                  

                      Works With Chromebook
                      Find the right accessory for your Chromebook.
                    
                  
            
        
        For Business
        
    
    



    Shop
    

  

    
      


  
      
        Home
      
      
        Switch
      
      
        Q&A
      
  







    Questions about switching?


      
        Get answers to some of the most frequently asked questions about switching to Chromebook.
      






        



    How to switch
    


    
    




  
      
        What is a Chromebook?
      
      
        Is Chrome OS easy to learn?
      
      
        Can I work and study at home on a Chromebook?
      
      
        Are Chromebooks easy to use?
      
      
        What is the Everything Button?
      
      
        What if I don’t have WiFi?
      
      
        Can I keep using Office?
      
      
        Is my stuff safe in the cloud?
      
      
        What about security?
      
      
        Will I lose my stuff if I switch?
      
      
        Are there any special offers for my Chromebook?
      
  

      
          





    What is a Chromebook?


      
        A Chromebook is a computer that runs Chrome OS—the fast, simple and secure operating system that powers all Chromebooks. Chromebooks’ software is designed and built by Google, then paired with hardware from leading brands like HP, Dell, Lenovo, Samsung, Acer and ASUS.
      






        



    Watch video
    





              
                  
                          




      
        
          
            Lenovo YOGA Chromebook C630
            
              
      
    
            
          
        
        
      

                    
                          
                                  

                          
                          
                                  

                          
                    
                  
              
          
          





    Is Chrome OS easy to learn?


      
        Chrome OS is designed to be intuitive so making the switch is as easy as possible. It runs the apps you know and love from Google Play and comes with helpful features like the Google Assistant.
      






        



    Learn more
    





          
      
      
          





    Can I work and study at home on a Chromebook?


      
        Yes! Chromebooks are great for working and studying at home, because:
      
      
        Built in security Chromebooks keep you safe from malware thanks to multiple layers of security and automatic updates.
      
      
        Simple setup Simply log into your Google Account to get going, and access your Google Drive files and Chrome preferences on your new Chromebook.
      
      
        Easy access to Google services Google Meet works seamlessly with Chromebooks for easy collaboration with colleagues.
      
      
        No monitor? No problem Cast your Chrome browser tabs to Chromecast-enabled TVs or use Virtual Desks to expand your desktop.
      
      
        Google Play apps Access apps on your Chromebook for getting things done and for staying entertained, like Microsoft Word and Netflix.
      
      
        Good for family use Add users to share your Chromebook with the whole family. Family Link helps you supervise your children’s activity.
      
      
        Digital wellbeing Digital wellbeing tools like Night Light and Do Not Disturb help you set boundaries with work and maintain a healthy relationship with technology.
      






        



    Learn more
    





              
                        

              
          
      
      
          





    Are Chromebooks easy to use?


      
        Yes! Just log into your Google Drive account and you’ll find your backed-up files on your new Chromebook. Chromebooks also come with apps like Gmail and Google Docs built-in, so you’ll feel right at home with the productivity staples you use every day.
      






        



    Learn more
    





              
                        

              
          
      
      
          





    What is the Everything Button?


      
        All Chromebooks have the Everything Button. It’s one button to find your things fast. Press it to search Google, your Drive, apps, files and more — all from one place. You may know this key by another name - the “Launcher” or “Search” button. We wanted a name that could explain why the button is so useful for finding everything you need for doing research, finishing homework, making a new recipe, and more.
      






        



    Learn more
    





              
                        

              
          
      
      
          





    What if I don’t have WiFi?


      
        No problem - Chromebooks will keep you entertained and productive, even offline.
      
      
        Check your emails with Gmail offline mode.
      
      
        Balance budgets or plan parties with Google Sheets and Docs offline mode.
      
      
        Look up your schedule in the Google calendar app.
      
      
        Organize your to do list in Google Keep.
      
      
        Watch a movie with the Netflix app*.
      
      
        Listen to your favorite podcast on the Pocket Casts app.
      
      
        Save web pages when browsing on Chrome for future offline reading.
      





      *subscription required

        



    Learn more
    





              
                        

              
          
      
      
          





    Can I keep using Office?


      
        Yes. You can download the Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint apps on your Chromebook, or access through the web, to collaborate and stay productive anytime, anywhere on any device. Chromebooks also come with Google Docs, Sheets and Slides, which allow you to work on your files with multiple people at once across all your devices.
      










              
                  
                          




      
        
          
            Samsung Chromebook Plus (V2)
            
              
      
    
            
          
        
        
      

                    
                          
                                  

                          
                          
                                  

                          
                    
                  
              
          
          





    Is my stuff safe in the cloud?


      
        There are lots of advantages to storing your files in the cloud. Files saved in your My Drive folder are automatically backed up if your Chromebook gets misplaced. Plus, everything is encrypted with the best of Google security protocols.
      










          
      
      
          





    What about security?


      
        Every Chromebook comes with built in security protection so you’re safe from the moment you open your new Chromebook. Chrome OS also comes with multiple layers of security and updates without interruption.
      






        



    Learn more
    





              
                    
                      
                    





      
        
          
            ASUS Chromebook Flip C434
            
              
      
    
            
          
        
        
      
              
          
      
      
          





    Will I lose my stuff if I switch?


      
        Switching to a Chromebook is simple. Just drop your files into Google Drive on your soon-to-be-old computer and then log into your Google account on your new Chromebook. Voila! All your stuff will be there waiting for you.
      






        



    Learn more
    





              
                  
                      
                          
                            
      
    
                              
      
    
                            Personal
                          
                          
                            
      
    
                            Documents
                          
                          
                            
      
    
                              
      
    
                            2013 Files
                          
                          
                            
      
    
                              
      
    
                            Screenshots
                          
                      
                      
                          
                            
      
    
                              
      
    
                            Resume
                          
                          
                            
      
    
                              
      
    
                            Photo Library
                          
                          
                            
      
    
                              
      
    
                            Taxes
                          
                          
                            
      
    
                            Downloads
                          
                      
                      
                          
                            
      
    
                              
      
    
                            Videos
                          
                          
                            
      
    
                              
      
    
                            Desktop
                          
                          
                            
      
    
                              
      
    
                            Costa Rica
                          
                          
                            
      
    
                              
      
    
                            Applications
                          
                      
                  
              
          
      
      
          





    Are there any special offers for my Chromebook?


      
        Your new Chromebook comes with many perks—an exclusive offer could be one of them! You may qualify for software benefits and discounted apps when you purchase a new Chromebook.
      






        



    See perks
    





              
                        




      
        
          
            Acer Chromebook Spin 13
            
              
      
    
            
          
        
        
      

              
          
      
  
    Back to top
  


  
      What people are saying
    
        
          
              With any Chromebook, the setup is immensely simple. Just log into your Google account, and everything you’ve used is on your laptop. Even Android apps like Instagram or Snapchat can be downloaded to Chrome OS.
              Dave G., Quartz
          
        
        
          
              Google's Chrome OS operating system updates itself silently and automatically... and it doesn't get gunked up and slowed down over time.
              JR Raphael., Computerworld
          
        
        
          
              There's no antivirus software to fret over... and little in the way of complicated settings or compatibility concerns. By and large, things just work — like, for real.
              JR Raphael., Computerworld
          
        
        
          
              Security and ease of use were built into Chrome OS from the ground up and it shows.
              Kevin M., Forbes
          
        
    
  

  
      

      
        
      
    
      

      
        
      
    
      
    









    Ready to make the switch?


      
        It’s easy to switch from your Mac or PC. Walk through our step-by-step guide to back up and transfer files from your old computer to your new Chromebook.
      






        



    Learn more
    






          




      
        
          
            Dell Inspiron Chromebook 14 2-in-1
            
              
      
    
            
          
        
        
      

      
        
          
            HP Chromebook x360 14
            
              
      
    
            
          
        
        
      

      
        
          
            Dell Inspiron Chromebook 14 2-in-1
            
              
      
    
            
          
        
        
      
    
      
    


  
      
        
          Shop
        
              
                
                  Laptop
                
              
              
                
                  Convertible
                
              
              
                
                  Tablet
                
              
              
                
                  Special perks
                
              
        
      
      
        
          Dev & partners
        
              
                
                  Chromium OS
                
              
              
                
                  Chrome Experiments
                
              
              
                
                  Google Code
                
              
        
      
      
        
          Education/Business
        
              
                
                  Chromebooks for education
                
              
              
                
                  Chromebooks for Business
                
              
        
      
      
        
          The latest
        
              
                
                    
      
    
                  Blog
                
              
              
                
                    
      
    
                  Youtube channel
                
              
        
      
  

  
    
        
          Privacy
        
        
          Accessibility
        
        
          Terms
        
        
          Help center
        
        
          Forum
        
    
    
      Switch Country
      
        
          Danmark - Dansk
        
        
          Deutschland - Deutsch
        
        
          Australia - English
        
        
          Canada - English
        
        
          United Kingdom - English
        
        
          United States - English
        
        
          España - Español
        
        
          Estados Unidos - Español
        
        
          Suomi - Suomi
        
        
          Canada - Français
        
        
          France - Français
        
        
          Italia - Italiano
        
        
          日本 - 日本語
        
        
          Norge - Norsk Bokmål
        
        
          Nederland - Nederlands
        
        
          Sverige - Svenska